In computer science, a closure (also lexical closure, function closure or function value) is a function 
	together with a referencing environment for the nonlocal names (free variables) of that function. 
	Such a function is said to be "closed over" its free variables. The referencing environment binds the nonlocal names 
	to the corresponding variables in scope at the time the closure is created, additionally extending 
	their lifetime to at least as long as the lifetime of the closure itself.

The concept of closures was developed in the 1960s and was first fully implemented as a language feature 
	in the programming language Scheme to implement lexically-scoped first-class functions. Since then, many languages
	have been designed to support closures. The explicit use of closures is associated with functional programming 
	and with languages such as ML and Lisp. Traditional imperative languages (such as Algol, C and Pascal) had no 
	support for closures as these languages neither support nonlocal names (which can be introduced only in nested 
	or anonymous functions) nor higher-order functions. Modern garbage-collected 
	imperative languages (such as C#, but notably not Java) and many interpreted and scripting languages 
	do support higher-order functions and closures.

Closures are used to implement continuation passing style, and in this manner, hide state. 
	Constructs such as objects and control structures can thus be implemented with closures. 
	In some languages, a closure may occur when a function is defined within another function, and the inner function 
	refers to local variables of the outer function. At run-time, when the outer function executes, a closure is formed, 
	consisting of the inner function’s code and references to any variables of the outer function required by the closure; 
	such variables are called the upvalues of the closure.

The term closure is often mistakenly used to mean anonymous function. This is probably because most languages 
	implementing anonymous functions allow them to form closures and programmers are usually introduced to both concepts at 
	the same time. These are, however, distinct concepts. A closure retains a reference to the environment at the time 
	it was created (for example, to the current value of a local variable in the enclosing scope) while a generic anonymous function need not do this.

Closures are closely related to function objects; the transformation from the former to the latter is known as defunctionalization or lambda lifting.